source/Villains/sabertooth.rst, before:

Sabretooth
==========

+--------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Alter Ego    |  Victor Creed                           |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Abilities    | - Superhuman senses, strength, speed,   |
|              |   durability, reflexes, and animal-like |
|              |   attributes                            |
|              | - Regenerative healing                  |
|              | - Retractable claws and sharp teeth     |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Arch-Nemesis | `Wolverine`_                            |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------+

.. _Wolverine: ../heroes/wolverine.html

**Backstory:**

   From a young age when his mutation first manifested, Victor Creed's life was nothing but trouble. One day, as a child, Creed accidentally murdered his brother over a small piece of pie. His father confined him to the cellar, chaining him up like an animal, and stating he was going to "pull out his little Devil teeth," referring to his mutant fangs. As he was chained up like a wild animal in the cellar for years, Creed eventually escaped by chewing off his own hand, and proceeded to murder his father. However, he chose to spare his mother before his escape.

   After his escape, Creed was free to roam society. Through his early years, it was reported that Creed struck terror into multiple Canadian provinces by murdering innocent civilians and police officers. As Creed has similar characteristics to his arch-nemesis, Wolverine, Creed embraces his feral side due to his rough upbringing as a child mutant.

Commit message:

added content to Sabretooth and Wolverine pages

source/Villains/sabertooth.rst, after:

Sabretooth
==========

+--------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Alter Ego    |  Victor Creed                           |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Abilities    | - Superhuman senses, strength, speed,   |
|              |   durability, reflexes, and animal-like |
|              |   attributes                            |
|              | - Regenerative healing                  |
|              | - Retractable claws and sharp teeth     |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Arch-Nemesis | `Wolverine`_                            |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------+

.. _Wolverine: ../heroes/wolverine.html

**Backstory:**

    From a young age when his mutation first manifested, Victor Creed's life was nothing but trouble. One day, as a child, Creed accidentally murdered his brother over a small piece of pie. His father confined him to the cellar, chaining him up like an animal, and stating he was going to "pull out his little Devil teeth," referring to his mutant fangs. As he was chained up like a wild animal in the cellar for years, Creed eventually escaped by chewing off his own hand, and proceeded to murder his father. However, he chose to spare his mother before his escape in order for her to suffer the death of her loved ones.
 
    After his escape, Creed was free to roam society. Through his early years, it was reported that Creed struck terror into multiple Canadian provinces by murdering innocent civilians and police officers. The name Sabretooth struck fear into the hearts of men, as Creed had created a chilling reputation about himself. As Creed shares similar characteristics to his arch-nemesis, Wolverine, Creed embraces his feral side due to his rough upbringing as a child mutant, which brings these gruesome practices. With a belief of mutant superiority and lust for blood, Creed joined up with the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants after being approached by Magneto in order to carry out his gruesome practices.
